good afternoon here we have a quiet
little motel
tucked away off the main highway and as
you see perfectly harmless looking when
in fact it has now become known as the
scene of the crime this Motel also has
as an adjunct an old house which is if I
may say so a little more sinister
looking less innocent than the motel
itself
and in this house the most dire horrible
events took place I think we can go
inside because the place is up for sale
although I don't know gonna buy it now
in that window on the second floor the
single one in front that's where the
woman was first seen let's go inside
you see even in daylight this place
still looks a bit sinister that was the
top of the stairs but the second murder
took place she came out of the door
there I met the victim of the top of
course in a flash there was the night
and in no time
the victim tumbled and fell with a
horrible crash
I think the bat broke immediately it hit
the floor it was his difficult describe
the way that the twisting of the of the
lights and I won't dwell upon it come on
Stan
of course the victim or should I say
victims hadn't any conception as to the
type of people they will be confronted
with in this house especially the woman
she was the weirdest and the mode woman
let's go into her bedroom
here's the woman's room still
beautifully preserved and the imprint of
her figure on the bed where she used to
lay I think some of her clothes are
still in this wardrobe
bathroom
this was the son's room but we won't go
in there because his favorite spot was
the little parlor behind his office in
the motel let's go down there this young
man you had to feel sorry for him after
all being dominated by an almost
maniacal woman was enough to drive
anyone to the extreme of well let's go
in I suppose you'd call this his
hideaway his hobby as you see was
taxidermy grow here
an owl there an important scene took
place in this room there was a private
supper here and oh by the way this
picture has great significance because
um let's go along to cabin number one
I'll show you something there
more tidied up the bathroom wallet
cleaned all this up now big difference
you should have seen the blood I hope
the whole plate was well it's it's too
horrible to describe dreadful I'll tell
you there's a very important true was
found here down there well the murderer
is he crept in here very serious the
showers on there was no sound and